Add FILES section to containers-storage.5 man page (#311)
containers/storage: docs/containers-storage.conf.5.md

## SEE ALSO
`semanage(8)`, `restorecon(8)`

## FILES

> Distributions often provide a /usr/share/containers/storage.conf file to define default storage configuration. Administrators usually can override this file by creating `/etc/containers/storage.conf` to specify their own configuration. The storage.conf file for rootless users is usually stored in the $HOME/.config/containers/storage.conf file.

Reviewer: suggest s/Administrators usually can/Administrators can/

Reviewer: And I'm tempted to suggest dropping 'usually' for the rootless users section too.

## SEE ALSO
`semanage(8)`, `restorecon(8)`

FILES

>        Distributions ofen provide a /usr/share/containers/storage.conf file to define default storage configuration. Administrators usually can override this file by creating `/etc/containers/storage.conf` to specify their own configuration.  The storage.conf file for rootless users is usually stored in the $HOME/.config/containers/storage.conf.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
       Distributions often [sic] provide a /usr/share/containers/storage.conf file to define default storage configuration. Administrators usually can override this file by creating `/etc/containers/storage.conf` to specify their own configuration.  The storage.conf file for rootless users is usually stored in [the] $HOME/.config/containers/storage.conf.
```
